Getting your team to meet standards is is difficult. If they're not meeting
them, sometimes you have to take very extreme measures to make
that happen. They are not popular. Uh, you know, you could have inspections
every week. Uh, if if you need to meet a certain goal, But
you could you extend working hours as long as it's reasonable to ensure
that things were getting done and there are several different ways
to make that happen. But you also need to show that you have an interest
in them doing well not only because it matters for you, but,
you know, as a point of pride for them. Uh, there's no one surefire
way to ensure that you're gonna pass t to meet standards. But you know
that that's a small way that you can do it. You could do it